README.md, before:

[Cozy][cozy] <YOUR SUPER NEW KONNECTOR NAME>
=======================================

What's Cozy?
------------

![Cozy Logo](https://cdn.rawgit.com/cozy/cozy-guidelines/master/templates/cozy_logo_small.svg)

[Cozy] is a platform that brings all your web services in the same private space. With it, your webapps and your devices can share data easily, providing you with a new experience. You can install Cozy on your own hardware where no one's tracking you.

What's this new konnector?
--------------------------

<YOUR DESCRIPTION HERE>

### Open a Pull-Request

If you want to work on this konnector and submit code modifications, feel free to open pull-requests! See the [contributing guide][contribute] for more information about how to properly open pull-requests.

### Cozy-konnector-libs

This connector uses [cozy-konnector-libs](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-konnector-libs). You can find more documentation about it there.

### Maintainer

The lead maintainers for this konnector is <YOUR NAME>


### Get in touch

You can reach the Cozy Community by:

- Chatting with us on IRC [#cozycloud on Freenode][freenode]
- Posting on our [Forum]
- Posting issues on the [Github repos][github]
- Say Hi! on [Twitter]


License
-------

<YOUR KONNECTOR NAME> is developed by <your name> and distributed under the [AGPL v3 license][agpl-3.0].

[cozy]: https://cozy.io "Cozy Cloud"
[agpl-3.0]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html
[freenode]: http://webchat.freenode.net/?randomnick=1&channels=%23cozycloud&uio=d4
[forum]: https://forum.cozy.io/
[github]: https://github.com/cozy/
[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/
[standard]: https://standardjs.com
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/mycozycloud
[webpack]: https://webpack.js.org
[yarn]: https://yarnpkg.com
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org
[contribute]: CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

link to konnectors development guide
Ce nouveau template de readme est beaucoup mieux que le précédant qui était trop long. 
J'ai surtout ajouté le lien vers la documentation des connecteurs et les info de base pour lancer le connecteur en mode standalone (ajout du fichier avec les credentials et commande de lancement).
=> il faut vérifier la syntaxe des credentials dans le champs fields.

README.md, after:

[Cozy][cozy] <YOUR SUPER NEW KONNECTOR NAME>
=======================================

What's Cozy?
------------

![Cozy Logo](https://cdn.rawgit.com/cozy/cozy-guidelines/master/templates/cozy_logo_small.svg)

[Cozy] is a personal data platform that brings all your web services in the same private space. With it, your webapps and your devices can share data easily, providing you with a new experience. You can install Cozy on your own hardware where no one's tracking you.

What is this konnector about ?
------------------------------

This konnector retrieves your <SOME DATA> and <SOME OTHER DATA> from <SERVICE>
<YOUR DESCRIPTION HERE>

### Open a Pull-Request

If you want to work on this konnector and submit code modifications, feel free to open pull-requests!
</br>See :
* the [contributing guide][contribute] for more information about how to properly open pull-requests.
* the [konnectors development guide](https://docs.cozy.io/en/dev/konnector/)

### Run and test

Create a `konnector-dev-config.json` file at the root with your test credentials :

```javascript
{
  "COZY_URL": "http://cozy.tools:8080",
  "fields": {"login":"zuck.m@rk.fb", "password":"123456"}
}
```
Then :

```sh
yarn
yarn standalone
```
For running the konnector connected to a Cozy server and more details see [konnectors documentation](https://docs.cozy.io/en/dev/konnector/)

### Cozy-konnector-libs

This connector uses [cozy-konnector-libs](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-konnector-libs). It brings a bunch of helpers to interact with the Cozy server and to fetch data from an online service.

### Maintainer

The lead maintainers for this konnector is <YOUR NAME>


### Get in touch

You can reach the Cozy Community by:

- [konnectors documentation](https://docs.cozy.io/en/dev/konnector/)
- Chatting with us on IRC [#cozycloud on Freenode][freenode]
- Posting on our [Forum]
- Posting issues on the [Github repos][github]
- Say Hi! on [Twitter]


License
-------

<YOUR KONNECTOR NAME> is developed by <your name> and distributed under the [AGPL v3 license][agpl-3.0].

[cozy]: https://cozy.io "Cozy Cloud"
[agpl-3.0]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html
[freenode]: http://webchat.freenode.net/?randomnick=1&channels=%23cozycloud&uio=d4
[forum]: https://forum.cozy.io/
[github]: https://github.com/cozy/
[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/
[standard]: https://standardjs.com
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/mycozycloud
[webpack]: https://webpack.js.org
[yarn]: https://yarnpkg.com
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org
[contribute]: CONTRIBUTING.md
